Update instruction to generate masks (#4)
eWaterCycle/recipes_auxiliary_datasets: LISFLOOD/README.md

export GRDC=$LOCAL_DIR/grdc
```

> Please note that the full global setup (`Lisflood01degree`) will not be published.

Reviewer: Perhaps add a note on how to get this data

> Please note that the full global setup (`Lisflood01degree`) will not be published.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that the full global setup (`Lisflood01degree`) is not publicly available. Please contact the [Lisflood authors](https://ec-jrc.github.io/lisflood-model/) to request access.
```

> Please note that the full global setup (`Lisflood01degree`) is not publicly available. Please contact the [Lisflood authors](https://ec-jrc.github.io/lisflood-model/) to request access

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that the full global setup (`Lisflood01degree`) is not publicly available. Please contact the [Lisflood authors](https://ec-jrc.github.io/lisflood-model/) to request access.
```
